Allow hipblaslt client build without Tensile (#1753)
ROCm/hipBLASLt: docs/clients.rst

   --flush                            Flush icache, only works for gemm.
   --help |-h                         produces this help message
   --version <value>                  Prints the version number

Building clients with prebuilt libraries
========================================

> Sometimes it is desirable to build or re-build the clients without having to conduct a full build of the library. This can be done by adding the `--prebuilt <path>` option to the install script. For example, `./install.sh -c -a gfx942 --prebuilt /path/to/previous_build/release/Tensile/library` will build the clients using the prebuilt library at the specified path. Internally, this conducts two actions. First it sets the environment variable `HIPBLASLT_TENSILE_LIBPATH` to the provided path. Second, it passes the `-DTensile_PREBUILT_LIBRARY=ON` option to CMake. As such, if building hipBLASLt with CMake directly instead of through the install script is preferred, the same effect can be achieved with the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes it is desirable to build or rebuild the clients without having to conduct a full build of the library. This can be done by adding the ``--prebuilt <path>`` option to the install script. For example, ``./install.sh -c -a gfx942 --prebuilt /path/to/previous_build/release/Tensile/library`` will build the clients using the prebuilt library at the specified path. Internally, this conducts two actions. First, it sets the environment variable ``HIPBLASLT_TENSILE_LIBPATH`` to the provided path. Second, it passes the ``-DTensile_PREBUILT_LIBRARY=ON`` option to CMake. If you prefer to build hipBLASLt with CMake directly instead of through the install script, the same effect can be achieved with the following steps:
```

Author: Thank you @amd-jnovotny, the documentation has been updated according to your recommendations. Please mark as resolved if you are happy with the changes.
